In the Central African Republic, three people died in the crash of a UN helicopter
Three people were killed and another was injured in a crash of a Senegal Armed Forces helicopter operating under the leadership of the UN peacekeeping mission in the city of Boir in the west of the Central African Republic.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
The head of the mission, Mankeur Ndiaye, confirmed the information about the crash, noting that the helicopter crashed at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning after an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the UN on the evacuation of the victim and the bodies of the dead.
The coordinator of the Arkhangelsk headquarters of Navalny was sentenced to community service
The Oktyabrsky District Court of Arkhangelsk announced the verdict to Andrei Borovikov, coordinator of the regional headquarters of Alexei Navalny.
For repeated violation of the rules of rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code, the so-called Dada article), the court assigned him 400 hours of compulsory work, a Kommersant correspondent reports from the courtroom.
The case was initiated in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
The first in art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code in 2015, activist Ildar Dadin was sentenced to three years in prison.
On the eve of the pronouncement of the verdict, September 26, the court held a debate between the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for a period of three years.
A measure of restraint in the form of a restriction of freedom was chosen against me, which consists in the fact that I can’t attend public events and can’t communicate with the organizers of the protest rally on April 7th.
"All this time I wore an electronic bracelet and base.
So they tracked my whereabouts.
I note that I was not limited in movement.
He recently flew from Moscow, where he studied, "said Andrei Borovikov.
After the verdict was announced, the coordinator of the regional headquarters of Navalny announced that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, deputy from the Communist Party faction Sergei Shargunov introduced a bill to the State Duma that mitigates Art. 212.1 of the Criminal Code.
Representatives of the Communist Party, the Liberal Democratic Party and the Slovak Republic told Kommersant about their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: “Everyone in Rubin needs to think about the reasons for unsuccessful matches.”
Midfielder “Rubin” Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the unsuccessful game of the team.
Kazan in the Russian championship suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in to every game, - Izvestia quoted Mogilev as saying.
Therefore, each of us needs to think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
Meetings are still ahead - we must prepare for them and correct the situation.
How?
If we knew, then we probably would have fixed it.
But first of all, it seems to me, we need to add in such a component as martial arts.
In my opinion, we have problems with this.
The Kremlin supports the ban on smoking on the balconies of residential buildings
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved amendments to the Rules of the fire regime, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergencies of Russia reported that this included, inter alia, a ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will enter into force on October 1, 2019.
For violation, administrative liability is provided.
The Kremlin has a positive attitude to any decisions that help save lives.
“We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public outcry.
Therefore, any saved life justifies such decisions, "said Peskov.
First of all, the spokeswoman assesses this as a fire measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for work in one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso arrived in Russia to search for a new club.
According to the Championship, a 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the opportunity to find work in some Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was Milan, which he headed from 2017 to 2018, and who, under his leadership, took fifth place in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to enter the Champions League.
As a trainer, he also worked in the Swiss “Sion”, the Greek “OFI”, as well as the Italian “Palermo” and “Pisa”.
Earlier it was reported that the negotiations of Pavel Mamaev with Dynamo are in jeopardy.
Ex-coach of “Milan” arrived in Moscow to lead the Russian club
Former Italian national team player and former Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso flew to Moscow to head the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 world champion in the Italian national team.
At the club level, he was known for playing for Milan, with whom he twice won the UEFA Champions League in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career in Sion.
Over the past two seasons, Gennaro led the Rossoneri.
Earlier it was reported that the football player of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
The National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine has resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Oleksandr Danylyuk wrote a letter of resignation, the office of the president of the country said.
This was done before the start of the working visit of Vladimir Zelensky to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
“The president will consider it upon his return to Kiev,” said Mr Zelensky in the office.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing the former Minister of Finance Alexander Danilyuk Secretary of the NSDC in late May.
In this post, Mr. Danilyuk was succeeded by Alexander Turchinov, who resigned due to the change of president.
Palkina is the ninth in the World Cup qualification.
Russian Sofya Palkina took ninth place in the qualifying hammer throw in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Her result is 68.53 meters.
In the final, four athletes will perform, breaking the milestone of 72 meters.
These are Polish Yoanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusian Anna Malyshik (72.59 m).
In the final, 12 best athletes from two groups will perform.
Palkina’s participation in the fight for medals will be known after the performance of athletes from group B.
Kvyata's car failed during the first practice in Sochi
Russian pilot Toro Rosso Daniil Kvyat had to prematurely complete his first free practice of the Russian Grand Prix of Formula 1.
The car of the Russian citizen lost power and the driver was unable to get to the boxes.
Quat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before flying out of the race, the pilot of “Toro Rosso” was in fifth place.
The second free practice is expected to take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at the Sochi Autodrom.
It was previously reported that Quat shared his expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes US adoption of Taipei Bill
China strongly opposes the adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill" by the United States, which seriously violates the principle of China alone and the principles of the three Sino-US joint communiqués.
This was stated on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China for Taiwan Affairs Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval by the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations of this bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in the internal affairs of China, said Ma Xiaoguang.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to the internal affairs of China.
"We urge the US side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue in order to avoid further damage to Sino-US relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone or any force, emphasized Ma Xiaoguang.
TikTok hides objectionable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18
Imagine China / Reuters
TikTok's Chinese social network censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence, or a banned Falun Gong religious group, The Guardian said.
The documents that came to the publication, said that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance company) using the application promotes the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
The bulk of China’s policy violations fall under "hate speech."
In each case, TikTok places unwanted publications in a context suitable for general rules so that the actions of the social network do not look like censorship.
For example, a ban on criticizing China’s socialist system falls under the general ban on “criticizing or attacking the politics and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, parliamentary system, etc.”
The ban on mentioning Tiananmen Square incidents or the genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also contains a list of the banned names of twenty “foreign leaders or statesmen,” including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, US presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hee, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the document says.
Prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Publications from the first category are deleted by social network administrators and may lead to user blocking.
Not too severe violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to TikTok algorithms.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that these rules are outdated and no longer apply: "Now we use a localized approach for moderation, and we also involve independent local specialists."
Russian TikTok users have no specific restrictions on publications, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the "Producer Center".
The Producer Center is one of the Russian media companies that officially collaborates with TikTok.
All production materials of bloggers by the "Producer Center" are coordinated with representatives of the social network, but custom materials can be posted without approval, Bogdanov reports.
When asked whether TikTok could speak out about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answered in the affirmative and said that he had seen such publications.
The founder of Our Didgital agency Roman Zaripov agrees with Bogdanov: "The main rules for TikTok users are listed in the user agreement: you cannot post shocking content, discriminatory statements, and so on."
But under these rules, you can bring any content that the moderators do not like, notes Zaripov.
Zaripov Agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18.
By user agreement, only persons over 13 years old can use TikTok.
Social network administrators check their age using artificial intelligence: a neural network analyzes faces and determines how many years a person looks, says Bogdanov.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of WeWork coworking.
Istanbul residents talked about the earthquake in the city
A strong earthquake caused panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, in Istanbul, an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
34 people were injured, ten of them are still in hospitals.
Istanbul resident Melike admitted that she had a panic attack for the first time in her life.
"I cried so much.
Sobbed right at the workplace.
Later it became easier, I returned to business.
But I’m so ashamed now! ", The girl told 360 TV channel.
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
I can’t come back so far!
But in general, I'm fine, "said political analyst Ceylan Ozgyul, who shared his impressions.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the townspeople still feel small tremors with a magnitude of about 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
Chewing girl said that she couldn’t reach her mother, but the Internet worked "perfectly" and she could send a message via WhatsApp.
As the site kp.ru wrote, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of powerful tremors was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Sea of ​​Marmara.
Matthews met with Toronto executives.
Forward “Toronto” Oston Matthews met with the leadership of the club.
It discussed the case in which Matthews is accused of hooliganism.
Everything went well, - quotes the words of the TSN player.
Of course, I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And the club and I discussed how to act in this situation.
I believe that nothing has soured in our relations.
In Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the audit on the fact of amputation of the child’s hand
A child was amputated in Rostov Region due to a mistake by doctors, reports Vzglyad citing the website of the territorial authority of Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm, after which he was cast in a hospital in the Zernograd district hospital.
After some time, the child developed gangrene, amputation was performed.
As a result of the audit, it turned out that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and amount of assistance provided.
Verification materials were transferred to the Investigative Committee of the Investigative Committee of Russia in the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head doctor of the Yuzhnouralsk city hospital was arrested.
Russians warned of fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who replace the bank's phone number has increased.
This was reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator transmitted to telecom operators information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which they called customers of various financial organizations.
In 189 cases, operators discovered number spoofing.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases a restriction was placed on the use of financial services.
The deputy head of the Central Bank’s information security department, Artem Sychev, said that a wide range of Russian banks faced a number change.
He explained that the operators do not always respond to warnings of the Central Bank about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such a duty in the law "On Communications".
Otkritie Bank, Rosbank and Alfa Bank have confirmed information about the increase in the number of fraudulent calls with a number change.
According to the Beeline press service, some of the information about fraudulent calls transmitted by the Central Bank was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Their blocking would lead to disruptions in the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of scam numbers, which the telecom operator will contact each time they call to verify the number.
He explained that the creation of such a base would require amendments to the legislation.
US-China Trade Talks Resume October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will take place in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the State Council of the PRC Liu He.
Note that the last round of trade negotiations between the United States and China took place in Shanghai in late July, but the parties were unable to make progress.
The new United States and China reciprocal duties went into effect on September 1.
Earlier, US President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing could reach a trade agreement earlier than anticipated.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America", "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma’s commission to investigate foreign interference in the internal affairs of Russia will inspect some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
It is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
The Commission’s field of vision was Meduza, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present, Radio Liberty, and the Russian BBC Service.
Previously reported planned inspections of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to take a decision on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in the publications of which the commission found signs of justification for extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political advertising on Google, Facebook and Youtube.
According to the agency, this happened during the September 8 Russian elections.
The facts of violations were referred to the State Duma Commission.
Google later said the company supported responsible political advertising.
According to employees, it must comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that advertisers should be responsible for complying with Russian election laws, not the site.
The head of Roskomnadzor Alexander Zharov accused the company of applying double standards in the placement of political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed with Zelensky the entry of Ukraine into NATO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky discussed Ukraine’s membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The secretary general spoke about this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Answering the question whether the corresponding topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they really discussed this issue, and also emphasized that in his answer he did not mention the timing of Ukraine’s joining NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is required to fulfill certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, writes RT.
In Crimea, Zelensky offered an alternative to the course in NATO
Instead of the course of joining NATO, the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky should start establishing good neighborly relations with Russia.
On Friday, September 27, said the co-chair of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"Pan President of Ukraine does not need to repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but heed to the advice of [US President] Donald Trump, which he listened with a sour face, and to establish relations with the President of Russia," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that Zelensky is a good actor for him, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to stay in power only if relations with the Russian Federation are established.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with Zelensky on the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, for this Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions.
On June 5, parliamentary deputy Yevgeny Balitsky said that the possible entry of Ukraine into the alliance does not guarantee an improvement in life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmails Neymar
The Spanish “Barcelona” and its former Brazilian football player Neymar are trying to resolve the financial dispute that arose after the striker moved to the French “Paris Saint-Germain”.
The matter almost reached the court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse to return him.
Neymar and his cunning father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, started an interesting trick: according to the agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was supposed to receive 40 million euros.
However, literally a year later the forward ended up at PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to pick up the remaining 18.
Moreover, Brazilian lawyers insist that the club also owes him interest on late payments.
When the claims of Neymar became known in the capital of Catalonia, Barcelona filed a counterclaim.
The Blue Garnet insist that the bonus relied on the fulfillment of the entire contract - from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club believes that the player was supposed to only a quarter of 40 million euros and demand a refund of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the fold of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but hope for the forward backward transition remains.
And, as Sports.ru reports referring to insiders, the club’s lawyers told the player’s representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled out of court, this will exclude the possibility of the Brazilian returning.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans would buy him back.
Mart Laar: EKRE members will not be members of the Bank of Estonia Council
EKRE members were not and will not be invited to the council.
According to the composition of the Council of the Bank of Estonia, conclusions are drawn about trust in the Estonian state.
Until such behavior among EKRE members is maintained that at first they say and then think, none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The chairman of the board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the board members," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, the ERR broadcast portal reports.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE was represented at meetings of the Eesti Pank Council.
The current seventh composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Varblan, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Reform Party), Ann Lystra and Rein Minka.
At the suggestion of Laar, two members of the council should be replaced - Kallo and Tynisson, in their place Laar was proposed by Enna Eesmaa (Center Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutt to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkivi.
But to this Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - so that in addition to Jaanus Tamkivi, Andres Sutti would also be on the board.
On Tuesday, September 24, the Riigikogu rejected the offer of Laar to appoint new members of the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with the show Malakhov
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the situation with indignation, which caused the next release of Andrei Malakhov's program "Live" in Kyrgyzstan, RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, a Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast.
The republic’s Foreign Ministry believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around the Kyrgyz citizen, Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which the Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said a Kyrgyz citizen could fine-tune the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed on a motorcycle in a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is responsible for the accident.
Malakhov himself, who was required to apologize by Kyrgyz citizens, said these words were simply personal opinions.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry did not call for Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit during which, among other issues, the TV presenter’s statements were discussed.
"The point of view of Andrei Malakhov is the opinion of the journalist, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, saying that this incident will not affect the interstate relations of the Russian Federation and Kyrgyzstan.
Skaters Artemyev and Nazarychev won the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb
Russian figure skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the competition of sports pairs at the junior Grand Prix stage in Zagreb, writes TASS.
For a short and free program, Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points.
In second place with a score of 177.58 points was another Russian couple - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, the bronze went to the Germans Annike Hoke and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian couple Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage in Zagreb reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from December 5 to 8.
Later, on September 27, young men in single skating will show the free program.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28th.
On September 21, the Russian figure skater Aleksandra Trusova set new world records in the free program and by the total score in a tournament in Slovakia.
The judges rated her free hire at 163.78 points, and the short program at 74.91 points.
For the 15-year-old athlete, these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics made only in Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics made only in Belarus.
Lukashenko today in Minsk visited one of the local cosmetics manufacturing enterprises.
He said that imported cosmetics is not better than Belarusian, and the advantage of domestic products is that it is made from local raw materials.
“You have to use your own,” the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko announced the need to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the Belarusian leader advised local sugar processors to find new markets for their products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and not to suffer.
The situation with the export of sugar has worsened due to an excess of product in the sales markets, RBC recalls.
This also applied to Russia, where, due to excess, sugar began to cost 50 kopecks per kilogram less than in Belarus.
In Domodedovo a truck knocked to death a seven-year-old girl at the crossing
The driver was hit by a mother and her child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, Tatyana Petrova, press service head of the Main Directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia for the Moscow Region, told Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident occurred on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
Mother and daughter were hit by a 1994 Domodedovo resident while driving a gas truck.
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died on the spot, and the woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been instituted against the driver under part 3 of article 264 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of the rules of the road and the operation of vehicles, resulting in the death of a person through negligence)," a representative of the regional police headquarters said.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum sentence of imprisonment of up to 5 years.
Currently, the offender is detained, Petrova concluded.
The former head of the DPR spoke about his work in Russia
Former acting Dmitry Trapeznikov, head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR), who headed the Elista administration, assessed the condition of the city.
The official said this in a comment to the Telegram channel "Rise".
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to balance the economy, it is necessary to make an economic hand: here, of course, you need to do both roads and outdoor lighting," he said, adding that one of the tasks is to make a comfortable comfortable city.
Trapeznikov was offered to the post of mayor of Elista by the head of Kalmykia, Batu Hasikov.
Former acting The head of the DPR admitted that he had known the head of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he worked with youth and held sporting events.
"And so he turned to me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to head the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin, RBC, who said that the presidential aide, Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the publication, had long been friends with Khasikov, proposed his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia.
"You never know what they write.
And at the level of various fictional stories it happens.
I think you should not pay attention, "he added.
The mayor of Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNR passport.
September 26, he led the administration of Elista.
Putin and Security Council discuss security without INF Treaty
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed with the Security Council of the Russian Federation security issues after the termination of the Treaty on intermediate and shorter-range missiles, including taking into account the proposal to a number of NATO member countries to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of INF missiles.
This was announced by spokesman for the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting discussed current issues of the country's socio-economic development, as well as further prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Federation Council Chairman Valentina Matvienko, Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev, FSB Director Alexander Bortnikov, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
As the site kp.ru wrote, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member countries of the North Atlantic Alliance to introduce a moratorium on the deployment of medium and shorter-range missiles in Europe.
However, Secretary-General of the Alliance Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
A dump truck demolished an overpass on a highway under construction in Crimea
A dump truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of the underpass under construction on the Tavrida highway in the Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thereby saved his life.
The incident occurred on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai district of the peninsula.
The man driving a heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when he remembered - it was too late to slow down.
The driver jumped out of the cab, and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
Collapsed beams crushed the cabin and blocked the roadway, on which, however, there is no movement.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, they plan to collect it from the subcontractor of the construction of the route, whose driver arranged the accident.
Medvedev congratulated educators on their professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on their professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the website of the Government.
Medvedev noted that the teacher’s profession is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you are doing everything so that the kindergarten becomes the second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
“Together with you they learn the world around us, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn independence, the ability to communicate and make friends,” said the Prime Minister.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the educator, children develop character and reveal their abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the educator.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, improving its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of employees of pre-school institutions are the priority tasks of state social policy, the national project" Demography "is aimed at solving it," the head of government said.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of communal apartments in Moscow, demand for them does not fall.
Supply is being pulled up by demand due to room-by-room letting of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, room rental is becoming more expensive than on the outskirts, mainly due to high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
So, in Khamovniki, the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to a study by the portal “Apartment World”.
For this money, you can remove odnushka near the Moscow Ring Road.
On Arbat, rooms are rented on average for 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotnya - the average price tag for the district amounted to 13.6 thousand rubles.
The second place in terms of cheapness is in the area of ​​Biryulyovo Zapadnoye (13.8 thousand).
Over 14.1 thousand rooms for rent in Vostochny Biryulyovo and Veshnyaki.
The most expensive area beyond the Moscow Ring Road was Solntsevo, where rooms are rented out for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butovo and Novo-Peredelkino will cost a little cheaper.
How to increase future retirement and not overwork
Able to pay a pension not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds.
NPFs are private companies, Volgogradskaya Pravda.ru reports.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns money to you with interest.
If you are interested in this method, then first study the information on non-state pension funds on the Bank of Russia website.
All funds operate according to uniform rules established by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of experience you do not have enough to accrue a pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
In addition, you can make a contribution for your relative, for example, for a housewife wife.
A recommendation for those who are thinking about retirement at the beginning of their career.
Increased pension payments are received by civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked a certain number of years in the Far North.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of this in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money on deposits.
Most importantly, constantly improve your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth Chernobyl power unit
A video made in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant appeared on the Internet, the video agency Ruptly was the first to publish it on YouTube.
It is noted that access to the fourth Chernobyl reactor control room was given to a group of 15 media representatives as part of the presentation of the guide to the exclusion zone.
According to the RT Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, since the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still emit radiation, 40 thousand times higher than normal.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
12 regions in Ukraine and 23% of the territory of Belarus were exposed to radiation pollution.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July this year, Ukrainian leader Vladimir Zelensky signed a decree according to which a green corridor appeared in the Chernobyl zone, open for tourists.
Also in the exclusion zone, a ban on shooting was lifted.
Earlier it was reported that the Chernobyl exclusion zone from the Belarusian side was opened for tourists.
The organizers of the excursions emphasized that less radiation can be received in the zone per day than during an airplane flight.
Tarasov repeated the trick of Ibrahimovic
Former midfielder of Moscow “Locomotive” took part in the challenge, which launched the Swedish striker of the American “Los Angeles Galaxy” Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted the video with the trick on his Instagram.
After that, Tarasov challenged the “railwaymen” midfielders Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, the rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from the 2DROTS YouTube channel.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag #matrixchallenge, on which he holds the ball on his chest, leaning back and performs hand movements, like the protagonist of the film “Matrix” Neo, who in one scene avoided bullets flying into him.
Ibragimovich suggested repeating the trick to Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Rayola, marking them under the note.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian footballer took part in the Ibrahimovic Challenge.
Trade turnover between Russia and Slovakia may reach $ 6 billion by the end of 2019
With the emerging positive trend, trade between Russia and Slovakia can reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Minister of Economics Peter Giga.
At a meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic, scientific and technical cooperation between the Russian Federation and Slovakia, the Minister noted an increase in trade between the two countries.
Last year, it amounted to 13 percent, an indicator of 5.5 billion dollars was reached.
In the first half of 2019, states reached $ 3 billion in mutual trade, Gigue said.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, in order to consolidate this positive trend, it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint activities to develop tourism between countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
TNT decided that rapper Guf is not good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
On the Web, they condemned for several days whether rapper Guf is worthy of being the new “Bachelor”.
He was remembered also by his many betrayals and adventures with escort girls, and even decided that in this way the musician wants to rehabilitate himself for the scandalous clip “Moscow”, which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But the entire management of the TNT channel decided at once to stop all the gossip.
Guf will not be a new participant in the show "Bachelor".
An official statement from the press service said that he was considered for this role, but in the end they chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Guf?
Yes, essentially, anyone ...
“Well, at least in some ways the producers were able to figure out if it wasn’t the format for this program,” “They just didn’t type the girls who wanted it for him,” “They will drag the next sugary boy to the screen again,” netizens comment on the news.
Magomed Ismailov: "When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in the cell."
Russian mixed martial arts fighter (MMA) Magomed Ismailov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy is just a gun.
He has cannon strikes.
And when I looked into his eyes, I saw desire and character.
This is a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him good luck in the future.
He is a real man.
When I hear such support from the fans, I just become abnormal in the cell.
It was very hard.
I did my best.
I talked about the show.
Did I promise a show?
Was it a show?
Thanks you.
And to those who said that I was suffocating in the third round ...
Ismailov finished his speech with a victory gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be denied accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission came to the conclusion that the German television and radio company Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
Materials for deprivation of accreditation on the territory of Russia have been transferred to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
Earlier, representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in a meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the interference of other countries in the internal affairs of Russia.
A massive crash on Facebook hit Europe.
Ukraine also got
The Facebook social network in Europe experienced a massive malfunction.
Recall that before this, the social network "fell" on September 23.
As Downdetector network monitoring resource informs, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the whole of Great Britain are experiencing the most problems with access to social networks.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Also, Facebook is not available practically throughout Poland, sometimes in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the compiled map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, and also partially in the Kharkov and Vinnitsa regions.
Note that in early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamaev, released on parole?
Footballer Pavel Mamaev, who was released last week from the colony by parole, will not return to the Krasnodar football club.
The former midfielder of this club in the near future may sign a contract with FC Rostov, the Championship portal reports.
According to the publication, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamaev are now in the final stages.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of extension for another season.
Sport-Express writes that a day earlier Pavel Mamaev had to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the check did not take place due to the "uncertain situation in the club."
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamaev last week by agreement of the parties.
