Three killed in UN helicopter crash in CAR
Three people have been killed and another injured in the crash of a Senegalese Armed Forces helicopter carrying out an operation led by a UN peacekeeping mission in the western CAR city of Bouar.
This was reported on Friday by the portal DakarActu with reference to the Senegalese army.
Mission chief Mankeur Ndiaye confirmed the crash, noting that the helicopter crash occurred at the time of landing.
According to DakarActu, the Mi-35 helicopter was returning from an operation to combat armed groups.
The Senegalese army said it was in contact with the United Nations to evacuate the victims and the bodies of the dead.
The coordinator of the Archangel headquarters Navalny sentenced to community service
The verdict of the regional staff coordinator Alexei Navalny Andrei Borovikoff was announced in the October district court of Arkhangelsk.
For repeated violation of the rules of holding rallies (Article 212.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, the so-called Dadin article) the court appointed him 400 hours of mandatory work, reports the correspondent "Y" from the courtroom.
The case was opened in April this year for organizing a rally against the construction of a landfill in the Arkhangelsk region.
First on Art. 212.1 The Russian Criminal Code sentenced activist Ildar Dadin to three years in prison in 2015.
On the eve of the announcement of the verdict, on September 26, the court held a debate of the parties.
The prosecution insisted on forced labor for three years.
A measure of restraint in the form of restriction of freedom was chosen against me, which is that I am not allowed to attend mass events in public and cannot communicate with the organizers of the protest on April 7.
"All the while I was wearing an electronic bracelet and a base.
That's how I tracked my whereabouts.
I note that I was not limited in my movements.
Recently I flew from Moscow, where I was trained," Andrei Borovikoff said.
After the verdict was announced, the regional staff coordinator Navalny said that he would serve his sentence in Arkhangelsk.
On September 26, Sergei Shargunov, a member of the Communist Party faction, introduced a bill to the State Duma to soften Art. 212.1 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
Representatives of the Communist Party, LDPR and SR informed "Y" about their intention to support the initiative.
Pavel Mogilevets: "Everyone at Rubin should think about the reasons for bad matches."
Rubin midfielder Pavel Mogilevets spoke about the reasons for the team's failure.
Kazan in the Russian championship suffered four defeats in a row, and also flew out of the Cup.
We tune in to every game," Mogilevets was quoted as saying by Izvestia.
Therefore, each of us should think about the reasons for such unsuccessful matches.
There are still meetings ahead - we need to prepare for them and correct the situation.
As?
If we knew, we probably would have fixed it.
But first of all, I think we need to add to such a component as martial arts.
In my opinion, we have a problem with that.
Kremlin supports smoking ban on apartment balconies
The Kremlin supports any measures that will save lives, said presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, commenting on the ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments.
Earlier, the Cabinet approved changes to the Fire Control Regulations, according to which it is forbidden to use open fire on balconies and rooms of residential buildings.
Later, the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia reported that it was also a ban on smoking on balconies and loggias of apartments and hotels.
The changes will take effect on October 1, 2019.
Administrative responsibility is provided for the violation.
The Kremlin is positive about any decisions that help save lives.
"We know how many fires occur, many of them have very tragic consequences and public resonance.
Therefore, any life saved justifies such decisions," Peskov said.
First of all, the spokesperson assesses this as a fire-fighting measure, not a way to protect neighbors from tobacco smoke.
Peskov also noted that Russian President Vladimir Putin does not welcome smoking and is a supporter of a healthy lifestyle.
Gattuso is looking for a job at one of the Russian clubs
Italian football coach Gennaro Gattuso has arrived in Russia to find a new club.
According to "Championship", the 41-year-old specialist flew to Moscow to study the possibility of finding a job at a Russian club.
Gattuso's previous job was AC Milan, which he led from 2017 to 2018, and who under his leadership finished fifth in the Italian Serie A standings and failed to qualify for the Champions League.
As a coach, he also worked for Swiss Sion, Greek OFI, as well as Italian Palermo and Pisa.
Earlier it was reported that Pavel Mamayev's talks with Dynamo are in danger of being disrupted.
Ex-MILAN coach arrives in Moscow to lead Russian club
Former Italy player and former AC Milan head coach Gennaro Gattuso has flown to Moscow to lead the Russian club.
Gattuso is the 2006 World Cup champion with the Italian national team.
At club level he was known for his performances for AC Milan, with whom he won the UEFA Champions League twice in 2003 and 2007.
The Italian began his coaching career at Sion.
Gennaro has led the Rossoneri for the past two seasons.
Earlier it was reported that the footballer of the capital CSKA Konstantin Kuchaev spoke out against the introduction of VAR.
Secretary of the National Security Council of Ukraine resigned
Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) of Ukraine Alexander Daniluk has written a resignation letter, according to the office of the president of the country.
This was done before the start of the working visit of Vladimir Selensky to the United States to participate in the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
"The president will consider it on his return to Kiev," - said in the office of Mr. Selensky.
The President of Ukraine signed a decree appointing former Finance Minister Alexander Daniluk as secretary of the National Security Council at the end of May.
In this position, Mr. Daniluk replaced Alexander Turchynov, who resigned because of the change of president.
Palkina is ninth in World Cup qualifiers.
Russian Sophia Palkina finished ninth in qualifying for the Hammer Throwing in Group A at the World Championships in Doha.
Its result is 68.53 meters.
In the final will be four athletes who have overcome the milestone of 72 meters.
These are Polish Joanna Fedorov (73.39 m), Ukrainian Irina Klimets (72.93), Frenchwoman Alexandra Tavernier (72.91) and Belarusian Anna Malysik (72.59 m).
The final will feature 12 of the best athletes from the two groups.
Palkina's participation in the fight for medals will be known after the performance of the athletes from Group B.
Kvyat's car broke down during the first practice in Sochi
Russian Toro Rosso driver Daniil Kvyat had to complete his first free practice of the Russian Formula One Grand Prix ahead of schedule.
The Russian's car lost power and the rider could not reach the boxes.
Kvyat parked the car in one of the security zones.
Before he was eliminated from the race, the Toro Rosso driver was in fifth position.
The second free practice is expected to take place today, September 27, at 15:00 Moscow time at Sochi Autodrom.
Earlier it was reported that Kvyat shared his expectations from the Sochi Grand Prix.
China strongly opposes U.S. passage of "Taipei Bill"
China strongly opposes the adoption of the so-called "Taipei Bill" by the United States, which seriously violates the principle of one China and the principles of the three China-U.S. joint communiques.
This was announced on Friday by the official representative of the Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China for Taiwan Affairs Ma Xiaoguang.
The approval by the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee of the bill is also a serious violation of international law and the basic principles of international relations and a gross interference in China's internal affairs, Ma Xiaoguang said.
According to him, Taiwan is part of China, and related issues relate to China's internal affairs.
"We call on the U.S. side to clarify the situation, immediately stop promoting the relevant negative bills, and immediately stop interfering in the Taiwan issue to avoid further damage to China-U.S. relations, as well as peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," he said.
China must and will be reunited.
This historical trend cannot be stopped by anyone and by any force, Ma Xiaoguang stressed.
TikTok hides undesirable videos from users
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of which are under the age of 18
Imagine China / Reuters
Chinese social network TikTok censors videos that mention Tiananmen Square, Tibetan independence or the banned falun Gong religious group, The Guardian reported.
The documents, which caught up with the publication, show that the owner of TikTok (ByteDance) uses the app to promote the goals of China's foreign policy abroad.
Most of the violations related to China's policy fall under the "incitement of hatred."
In each case, TikTok places inappropriate posts in a context that fits the general rules so that the social network doesn't look censored.
For example, the ban on criticizing China's socialist system falls under a blanket ban on "criticism or attacks on the policies and social rules of any country, such as the constitutional monarchy, the parliamentary system, etc."
The ban on the mention of incidents in Tiananmen Square or genocide in Cambodia falls under the "distortion of the history of China or other countries."
The document also lists the banned names of twenty "foreign leaders or statesmen," including North Korean leaders Kim Jong Il, Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong-un, Indian politician Mahatma Gandhi, U.S. Presidents Donald Trump and Barack Obama, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, South Korean President Park Geun-hye, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Prohibited material is divided into two categories, the document says.
Posts from the first category are removed by the administrators of the social network and can lead to a user's blocking.
Not too severe violations fall into the second category: such publications remain on the site, but their distribution is limited to algorithms TikTok.
Representatives of ByteDance told The Guardian that the rules are outdated and no longer apply: "We are now using a localized approach for moderation, as well as attracting independent local experts."
Russian users of TikTok have no specific restrictions on publication, says Rustem Bogdanov, co-founder of the Producing Center.
The "Producing Center" is one of the Russian media companies that officially cooperates with TikTok.
All advertising materials of bloggers "Producing Center" agree with representatives of the social network, but user materials can be placed without agreement, Bogdanov reports.
Asked if TikTok can speak about politics or Putin, Bogdanov answers in the affirmative and says that he has seen such publications.
The founder of our Didgital agency Roman Saripov agrees with Bogdanov: "The basic rules for users TikTok lists in the user agreement: you can not post shocking content that discriminates and so on."
But under these rules, you can sum up any content that moderators don't like, notes saripov.
The agency is another Russian partner of TikTok.
According to TikTok, the number of its users in the world exceeds 500 million, 40% of whom are under the age of 18.
Under the user agreement, only people over the age of 13 can use TikTok.
Administrators of the social network check their age with the help of artificial intelligence: the neural network analyzes the faces and determines how old a person looks, Bogdanov says.
If the neural network decides that the user is younger, their account can be deleted, he adds.
According to RBC, in September 2019, ByteDance opened an office in Moscow on the territory of Coworking WeWork.
Istanbul residents told about the earthquake in the city
Strong earthquake causes panic in Turkey's largest city
Last Thursday, September 26, an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 occurred in Istanbul.
Thirty-four people were injured, ten of whom are still in hospitals.
A resident of Istanbul, Melike admitted that for the first time in her life there was a panic attack.
"I cried so much.
I was sobbing right in the workplace.
Later it became easier, I went back to business.
But I'm so ashamed now!" the girl told TV channel 360.
"There was a really strong earthquake in Istanbul
Can't go back so far!
But in general I am fine" - shared his impressions political scientist Ceylan Ozgul.
Project manager Celine noted that the mayor of the city keeps all residents informed, but, according to her, the citizens still feel small aftershocks of magnitude about 3.2 or 3.5.
She also drew attention to the communication problem immediately after the earthquake.
She said she couldn't reach her mother, but the internet worked "excellently" and she helped send a message via WhatsApp.
According to the kp.ru website, after the earthquake, all kindergartens and schools were closed, from where all students were evacuated.
473 buildings were damaged.
The epicenter of the powerful aftershocks was recorded 68 kilometers west of Istanbul, in the Sea of Marmara.
Matthews met with Toronto management.
Toronto FC forward Auston Matthews held a meeting with the club's management.
It discussed a case in which Matthews is accused of disorderly conduct.
Everything went well," the TSN player said.
Of course I made a mistake.
And I take full responsibility for the actions committed.
But everyone makes mistakes.
And we discussed with the club how to act in the current situation.
I don't think anything has deteriorated in our relations.
In Roszdravnadzor reported on the results of the check on the fact of amputation of the child's hand
The child in the Rostov region had his arm amputated due to a mistake of doctors, Vzglyad reports, citing the website of the territorial body Roszdravnadzor.
An 11-year-old boy broke his arm and was left with a plaster cast at the hospital in the district.
After a while, the child developed gangrene, amputation.
As a result of the inspection, it turned out that there were violations of the timeliness and correctness of the diagnosis, as well as the standard and volume of assistance provided.
The materials of the inspection have been handed over to the SC of Russia for the region.
Earlier, URA.RU reported that the head doctor of the hospital in Yuzhnouralsk had been arrested.
Russians warned about fake calls from banks
In Russia, the number of calls from fraudsters who replace the phone number of the bank has increased.
This is reported by Kommersant with reference to the data of the Central Bank.
In the summer of 2019, the regulator gave the telecom operators information about more than 2.5 thousand numbers from which customers of various financial organizations called.
In 189 cases, operators found a number change.
Another 218 numbers were blocked, and in 59 cases a restriction on the use of financial services was set.
Artem Sychev, deputy head of the Information Security Department of the Central Bank, said that a wide range of Russian banks had faced the replacement of the number.
He explained that operators do not always respond to the Central Bank's warnings about fraudulent calls, citing the absence of such a duty in the Communications Act.
Opening Bank, Rosbank and Alpha Bank confirmed the increase in the number of fraudulent calls with the spoofing number.
As reported in the press service of Beeline, some of the information about fraudulent calls, which was handed over to the Central Bank, was incorrect: the lists included numbers that are actually used by banks to communicate with customers.
Blocking them would cause disruptions to the organization.
Artem Sychev said that the Central Bank plans to create a database of numbers of fraudsters, which the telecom operator will turn to every call to check the number.
He explained that the legislation would need to be amended to establish such a base.
U.S.-China trade talks to resume October 10 in Washington
A new round of trade talks between the United States and China will be held in Washington on October 10, CNBC reported.
According to his sources, the Chinese delegation will be headed by Vice Premier of the State Council of China Liu He.
The last round of trade talks between the United States and China was held in Shanghai at the end of July, but the parties have not been able to make progress.
New U.S.-China reciprocal duties came into force on September 1.
Earlier, U.S. President Donald Trump said that Washington and Beijing can reach a trade agreement earlier than expected.
The State Duma will check for violations of the law "Voice of America," "Medusa" and "BBC"
The State Duma Commission on The Investigation of Foreign Interference in Russia's Internal Affairs will conduct checks of some media outlets for violations of Russian law.
This is reported by Interfax with reference to the head of the commission Vasily Piskarev.
The commission's attention included Medusa, MBH Media, Voice of America, Present Time, Radio Liberty and the BBC Russian Service.
Earlier it was reported about planned checks of Google and Facebook services.
Piskarev also said that he would ask the Foreign Ministry to decide on further accreditation of the German Deutsche Welle, in whose publications the commission found signs of justifying extremism.
In September, Roskomnadzor revealed political ads on Google, Facebook and Youtube services.
According to the agency, this happened during the Russian elections on September 8.
The facts of violations were passed to the State Duma commission.
Google later said the company supported responsible political advertising.
According to the staff, it is obliged to comply with the laws of the country.
Facebook noted that the responsibility for compliance with Russian electoral law should be borne by advertisers, not the platform.
The head of Roskomnadzor, Aleksandr Jarov, accused the company of applying double standards when placing political advertising.
Stoltenberg discussed Ukraine's accession to NATO with zelensky
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Ukrainian President Vladimir Selensky discussed Ukraine's membership in the alliance on the sidelines of the 74th session of the UN General Assembly.
The Secretary General said this during a speech at Columbia University in New York.
Asked whether the topic was raised during the meeting, Stoltenberg said that they did discuss the issue, and stressed that in his response he did not name the timing of Ukraine's accession to NATO.
According to him, any country that would like to join the North Atlantic Alliance is obliged to meet certain conditions in order to meet specific standards, RT writes.
In Crimea, offered an alternative to the course in NATO
The President of Ukraine, Vladimir Selensky, should instead of pursue a course to join NATO to establish good-neighbourly relations with Russia.
This was announced on Friday, September 27, by the co-chairman of the Assembly of Slavic Peoples of the Republic of Crimea Roman Chegrinets.
"The President of Ukraine should not repeat the mistakes of his predecessor, but should heed the advice of The President of the United States, Donald Trump, who he listened to with a sour face, and to establish relations with the Russian president," Chegrinets told RIA Novosti.
Chegrinets noted that he is a good actor, but a bad politician.
According to him, the Ukrainian president will be able to stay in power only if relations with Russia are establishing.
Earlier on September 27, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he had a conversation with zelensky on the topic of the country's accession to the alliance.
According to him, Ukraine is obliged to fulfill certain conditions for this.
On June 5, MP Yevgeny Balitsky said that Ukraine's possible accession to the alliance does not guarantee the improvement of life in the country.
Money is more important than football.
Barcelona blackmail Neymar
Spanish Barcelona and its former footballer Brazilian Neymar are trying to settle a financial dispute that arose after the transfer of the striker to the French "Paris Saint-Germain".
The case almost went to court, but the Catalans offered the player to resolve the dispute without the intervention of Themis.
Otherwise, they refuse to return him.
Neymar and his dodgy father, who is also an agent of the Brazilian, had an interesting trick: under the agreement with Barca, which the player signed in 2016, he was to receive 40 million euros.
However, just a year later the forward was in PSG for a record 222 million euros.
However, he received 22 million from the Catalans and now wants to take the remaining 18.
Moreover, the Brazilian's lawyers insist that the club owes him interest for late payment.
When the Catalan capital became aware of Neymar's claims, Barcelona filed a counter-claim.
The Blues insist that the bonus was due to run the entire contract from 2016 to 2022.
Accordingly, the club considers that the player was entitled to only a quarter of 40 million euros and demand the return of the proportional part of the first payment.
But the most interesting thing is that in the summer Neymar and Barca almost agreed on the return of the "prodigal" player to the bosom of Catalonia.
True, the deal fell through, but the hope for a reverse transition forward remains.
And so, as Sports reports. Ru, citing insiders, the club's lawyers told the player's representatives that if the issue of financial claims is not settled in the pre-trial order, it will exclude the possibility of the return of the Brazilian.
Neymar himself wants to return so much that he asked for guarantees that the Catalans will buy him back.
Mart Laar: EKRE members will not be included in the board of the Bank of Estonia
EKRE members have not been and will not be invited to the board.
The composition of the Board of the Bank of Estonia draws conclusions about the trust of the Estonian state.
As long as EKRE members continue to behave, they say at first and then think none of them will be invited to the bank's board.
"The chairman of the Board of the Bank of Estonia cannot apologize for the statements of the members of the council," Laar said in an interview with Delfi, ERR broadcasting portal reports.
At the same time, Laar noted that EKRE is represented at the meetings of the Board of Eesti Pank.
The current seventh board of the Bank of Estonia includes, in addition to Laar, Liina Tynisson, Kaye Kerem, Urmas Warblane, Kalev Kallo, Jaanus Tamkivi (Party of Reforms), Ann Listra and Rein Minka.
At Laar's proposal, two councillors, Callo and Tynisson, should be replaced, replaced by Anne Eesmaa (Centrist Party) and Ivari Padara (Social Democratic Party).
At the same time, the Reform Party wanted Andres Sutty to join the council instead of Jaanus Tamkiwi.
But Laar replied that the aim of the Reform Party was to get two seats on the board of the Bank of Estonia - that in addition to Jaanus Tamkiwi, Andres Sutty would be on the council.
On Tuesday, September 24, Riigikogu rejected Laar's proposal to appoint new members of the Board of the Bank of Estonia.
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the scandal in Kyrgyzstan with Malakhov's show
The Russian Foreign Ministry commented on the situation with indignation, which caused in Kyrgyzstan the next issue of Andrei Malakhov's program "Direct Air", RIA Novosti reports.
Earlier, the Russian diplomat was summoned to the Kyrgyz Foreign Ministry after the broadcast of the broadcast.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic believes that the presenter made incorrect statements about the situation around the kyrgyz citizen Islambek Akbarov, who became a participant in the accident in which Russian Alexander Marugov died.
Malakhov said that a Kyrgyz citizen could have set up the accident.
The accident happened on July 8 in Moscow.
Marugov crashed his motorcycle into a taxi driven by Akbarov.
According to preliminary data, the taxi driver is the culprit of the accident.
Malakhov himself, who demanded an apology from the citizens of Kyrgyzstan, said that these words were just a personal opinion.
As explained in the Russian diplomatic service, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan did not call Russian diplomats - there was a planned working visit, during which, among other issues, discussed the statements of the TV presenter.
"Andrei Malakhov's point of view is the journalist's opinion, his personal view of the situation," the Foreign Ministry said, responding that the incident will not affect the interstate relations between Russia and Kyrgyzstan.
Figure skaters Artemyeva and Nazarychev won the junior Grand Prix in zagreb
Russian skaters Yulia Artemyeva and Mikhail Nazarychev won gold in the competition of sports pairs at the stage of the junior Grand Prix, which is taking place in zagreb, TASS reports.
Artemyev and Nazarychev received 179.83 points for the short and arbitrary program.
In second place with a result of 177.58 points was another Russian pair - Diana Mukhametzyanova and Ilya Mironov, bronze went to the Germans Annika Hoque and Robert Kunkel (156.31 points).
Russian pair Anna Shcheglova and Ilya Kalashnikov took fourth place (149.67 points).
The winners of the stage reached the final of the Junior Grand Prix.
It will be held in Turin from December 5 to December 8.
Later on September 27, the free program will be shown by young men in single skating.
The tournament in the Croatian capital will end on Saturday, September 28.
On September 21, Russian figure skater Alexandra Trusova set new world records in an arbitrary program and on the sum of points at the tournament in Slovakia.
Judges rated it at 163.78 and the short program at 74.91.
For a 15-year-old athlete these competitions were the first at the adult level.
Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only produced by Belarus
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko intends to use cosmetics only produced by Belarus.
Lukashenka visited one of the local cosmetics companies in Minsk today.
He said that imported cosmetics are not better than Belarusian cosmetics, and the advantage of domestic products is that it is made from local raw materials.
"We should use our own," the Belarusian leader said.
Alexander Lukashenko said that it is necessary to promote sales of Belarusian cosmetics abroad.
In August, the leader of Belarus advised local sugar processors to find new markets for products.
Lukashenko urged companies not to focus on exports to Russia and "not to suffer."
The situation with the export of sugar has worsened due to the excess of the product in the markets, - RBC reminds.
This also applied to Russia, where sugar cost 50 cents per kilogram less than in Belarus due to excess.
In Domodedovo, a truck hit a seven-year-old girl to death at a crossing
The driver hit the mother and child at a pedestrian crossing in Domodedovo, Tatyana Petrova, head of the press service of the Russian Interior Ministry's Moscow Region, told Interfax.
According to Petrova, the incident took place on Friday at 08:25 on Gagarin Street.
The mother and daughter were hit by a resident of Domodedovo born in 1994 at the wheel of a truck "Gaz".
As a result of the accident, a seven-year-old child died at the scene and a woman was hospitalized.
"A criminal case has been opened against the driver under Article 3. 264 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (violation of traffic rules and operation of vehicles, resulting in negligent death of a person)," the representative of the regional police chief said.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of up to 5 years in prison.
The offender is currently detained, Petrova concluded.
Former head of DNR told about his work in Russia
Former acting head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) Dmitry Trapeznikov, who headed the administration of Elista, assessed the state of the city.
The official said this in a commentary on Telegram-channel "Rise."
According to him, the city is in a depressed economic state.
"It is necessary to level the economy, it is necessary to put an economic hand: here, of course, it is necessary to make roads and outdoor lighting," - he said, adding that among the tasks - to make a comfortable landscaped city.
The head of Kalmykia, Batu Khasikov, offered to the post of mayor of Elista.
The former acting head of the DNR admitted that he had known the leader of the region for a long time.
In particular, he repeatedly came to the republic, where he worked with young people and held sporting events.
"So he addressed me, invited me to visit Kalmykia and give an expert assessment of the state of the city, and then offered to lead the city," the official added.
Separately, Trapeznikov commented on the information of a source belonging to Grigory Berezkin RBC, who said that his candidacy to the head of Kalmykia was offered by an aide to the president Vladislav Surkov, who, according to the newspaper, "has long been friends" with Khasikov.
"I don't know what they're writing.
And at the level of various made-up stories happens.
I don't think we should pay attention," he added.
Mayor Elista also added that he has both Russian citizenship and a DNR passport.
On September 26, he headed the Elista administration.
Putin and the Security Council discussed security without DRSMD
The meeting also discussed the settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed security issues with the Russian Security Council after the end of the Intermediate-Range Missile Treaty, including in light of a proposal by a number of NATO member states to impose a moratorium on the deployment of the ICBM.
This was announced by the spokesman of the Russian leader Dmitry Peskov.
The Kremlin representative noted that the meeting discussed the current issues of the country's socio-economic development, as well as the future prospects for a settlement in Syria after the formation of the constitutional committee.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Federation Council Chairman Valentina Matviyenko, Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev, FSB Director Alexander Bortnikov, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, and Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergey Naryshkin.
According to the kp.ru website, on September 25, the Russian leader sent a proposal to some member states of the North Atlantic Alliance to impose a moratorium on the deployment of medium- and short-range missiles in Europe.
However, Alenians Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg called Putin's proposal unrealistic.
The dump truck demolished the overpass on the highway under construction in Crimea
A truck with a raised body knocked down two beams of the overpass under construction on the "Tavrida" highway in Crimea.
The driver managed to jump out of the cab and thus saved his life.
The incident took place on the morning of September 27 in the Bakhchisarai region of the peninsula.
The man behind the wheel of a heavy car forgot to lower the body, and when remembered - it was too late to brake.
The driver jumped out of the cab and the dump truck crashed into the overpass at speed.
The collapsed beams crumpled the cabin and blocked the roadway, which, however, is not yet moving.
The amount of damage has yet to be determined, it is planned to recover from the subcontractor of the construction of the highway, whose driver and arranged an accident.
Medvedev congratulates educators on professional holiday
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev congratulated educators and all preschool workers on a professional holiday.
According to him, the future of children depends on them.
This is stated in a telegram published on the Government's website.
Medvedev noted that the profession of the teacher is special, requiring great love for his work, wisdom, patience and modern knowledge.
Parents trust you with their child.
And you do everything to make kindergarten a second home for children, where it is cozy, interesting, safe.
"Together with you they will learn the world around them, the beauty of nature, music, poetry, learn self-reliance, the ability to communicate and make friends," the Prime Minister said.
According to the Prime Minister, thanks to the teacher, children develop character and reveal abilities.
Medvedev is sure that the future of children depends on the teacher.
"That is why the development of pre-school education, the improvement of its quality, the construction of modern kindergartens, the material support of preschool workers are the priorities of the state social policy, which is addressed by the national project "Demography" - said the Head of the Government.
Rooms in the center of Moscow are rented at the price of an apartment on the outskirts
Despite the reduction in the number of communal areas in Moscow, the demand for them does not fall.
Supply is pulled up for demand due to the room rent of apartments.
In the center of Moscow, renting rooms is getting more expensive than on the outskirts - mainly because of high demand.
At the same time, rooms in the center are rented at the price of apartments on the outskirts.
Thus, in Khamovniks the average price for renting a room is 28 thousand rubles, according to the study of the portal "World of Apartments."
For this money you can rent one near the MKAD.
On Arbat rooms are rented for an average of 27.3 thousand rubles, although individual offers can compete with rates not only for one-room, but also for two-room apartments in sleeping areas.
The cheapest rooms in Moscow are rented in Kapotna - the average price tag for the district was 13.6 thousand rubles.
Second place on the cheapest in the district of Biryulevo West (13.8 thousand).
For 14.1 thousand rooms are rented in Biryulev East and Vesniak.
The most expensive area behind MKAD was Solntsvo, where rooms are rented for almost 16 thousand rubles a month.
Rooms in North and South Butov and Novo Peredelkin will cost a little less.
How to increase your future pension and not recycle
Not only the Pension Fund of the Russian Federation, but also non-state pension funds are able to pay the pension.
NPF is a private company, VolgogradSkaya Pravda.ru reports.
They work as a contribution: you make contributions, the fund invests them and eventually returns you money with interest.
If you are interested in this method, first check out the information about NPF on the Website of the Bank of Russia.
All funds operate under the same rules, which are set by federal laws.
Pension points can be bought by law.
The number of missing points depends on how many years of seniority you do not have enough to accrue a pension.
This method is suitable for those who worked informally.
You can also pay a fee for your relative, such as a stay-at-home wife.
A recommendation for those who are thinking about retirement at the beginning of their work journey.
The increased amount of pension payments is received by civil servants, doctors, teachers, agricultural workers and people who have worked for a certain number of years in the Far North.
In order not to deny yourself anything with the onset of retirement age, take care of it in advance.
Buy real estate, currency, securities, save money for deposits.
The most important thing is to constantly increase your financial literacy.
Media representatives visited the fourth power unit of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
The video, made in the control room of the fourth power unit at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, appeared on the Internet, the first it was published on YouTube video agency Ruptly.
It is noted that access to the fourth control room of Chernobyl reactors was received by a group of 15 media representatives as part of the presentation of a guide to the exclusion zone.
According to RT's Telegram channel, the journalists were there in special protective suits for less than five minutes, as the ruins of the power unit destroyed by the explosion still exude radiation 40,000 times the norm.
The accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred on the night of April 26, 1986.
Twelve regions in Ukraine and 23% of Belarus were exposed to radiation contamination.
In Russia, 19 regions were affected.
Recall that in July of this year, the Ukrainian leader Vladimir zelensky signed a decree, according to which in the Chernobyl zone there was a green corridor open to tourists.
Also in the exclusion zone lifted the ban on shooting.
Earlier it was reported that the exclusion zone of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant from the Belarusian side was opened to tourists.
The organizers of the excursions stressed that you can get less radiation per day in the zone than during the flight by plane.
Tarasov repeated Ibrahimovic's trick
The former Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder took part in the challenge, which was launched by the Swedish forward of the American "Los Angeles Galaxy" zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Tarasov posted the video of the stunt on his Instagram.
Tarasov then challenged the midfielders of "railroaders" Alexei and Anton Miranchuk, rap artist T-Killah, as well as bloggers from YouTube channel 2DROTS.
The Swede posted a video with the hashtag #matrixchallenge holding the ball on his chest, deflecting backwards, and performing hand movements like the main character of the movie "The Matrix" Neo, who in one of the scenes similarly evaded the bullets flying at him.
Ibrahimovic offered to repeat the trick to Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba, tennis player Novak Djokovic, Russian UFC champion Khabib Nurmagomedov and his agent Mino Raiola, noting them under the record.
Earlier it was reported that the wife of the Ukrainian football player took part in Ibrahimovic's challenge.
Russia and Slovakia trade turnover could reach $6 billion by 2019
With the positive trend, trade between Russia and Slovakia could reach 6 billion rubles by the end of 2019, said Slovak Economy Minister Peter Jiga.
At the meeting of the intergovernmental commission on economic and scientific and technical cooperation between Russia and Slovakia, the minister noted the growth of trade between the two countries.
Last year it was 13 percent, reaching $5.5 billion.
In the first half of 2019, the states reached 3 billion dollars of mutual trade, said Jig.
According to the head of the Ministry of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov, to consolidate this positive trend it is necessary to increase cooperation in the industrial sector.
Earlier it became known that the parliamentarians of Russia and Slovakia are going to hold joint events on the development of tourism between the countries, as well as cooperation in the field of health and education.
On TNT decided that rapper Gough is not good enough for the show "The Bachelor"
The web spent several days denouncing whether rapper Gough deserves to be the new "The Bachelor."
He remembered his numerous infidelities and adventures with escorts and even decided that in this way the musician wants to rehabilitate for the scandalous clip "Moscow", which received a record number of dislikes from listeners.
But all the management of the CHANNEL TNT decided to stop all retrials at once.
Gough won't be a new contestant on "The Bachelor."
The press service said in an official statement that he was considered for this role, but eventually chose another candidate.
Who could be better than Gough?
Yes, in fact, anyone...
"Well, at least in some ways the producers were able to figure out, it is not the format for this program," "Yes, they just want girls for it did not score", "Again another sweet boy on the screen will be dragged" - the news users of the network.
Magomed Ismayilov: "When I hear such support of the fans, I become just abnormal in a cage."
Russian mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Magomed Ismayilov commented on the victory over Artem Frolov at the ASA 99 tournament in Moscow.
This guy's just a gun.
He's got cannon strikes.
And when I looked him in the eye, I saw desire and character.
He's a real man.
More respect for him.
I wish him the best of luck in the future.
He's a real man.
When I hear such support of the fans, I become just crazy in the cage.
It was very hard.
I tried.
I was talking about the show.
Did I promise a show?
Was it a show?
Thank you so much.
And to those who said that I was suffocating in the third round...
Ismailov ended his speech with a victorious gesture.
Deutsche Welle may be stripped of accreditation and recognized as a foreign agent
The State Duma Commission concluded that the German broadcaster Deutsche Welle violated the law, RIA Novosti reports.
Documents will be sent to the Ministry of Justice for recognition of Deutsche Welle as a foreign agent.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has been handed over materials for the deprivation of accreditation in Russia.
The representatives of Deutsche Welle refused to participate in the meeting of the State Duma commission to investigate the interference of other countries in Russia's internal affairs.
A massive Facebook glitch has hit Europe.
Ukraine, too, got
In the work of the social network Facebook in Europe there was a large-scale failure.
Recall, before that the social network "fell" on September 23.
According to the monitoring resource of the Downdetector network, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, as well as almost the whole of the UK are experiencing the greatest problems with access to the social network.
Large-scale failures are observed on the border of Romania and Bulgaria, in Hungary, Slovakia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Portugal.
Facebook is also inaccessible almost all over Poland, places in Belarus and the Baltic countries.
In Ukraine, judging by the map of failures, Facebook is not available in the Kiev region, as well as partly in Kharkiv and Vinnitsa region.
In early September, Wikipedia users also experienced problems.
Which club will take Pavel Mamayev released on parole
Footballer Pavel Mamayev, released last week from the penal colony, will not return to the Football Club Krasnodar.
The former midfielder of this club may soon sign a contract with FC Rostov, - the portal "Championship" informs.
According to the newspaper, negotiations between representatives of Rostov and Mamayev are now in the final stage.
Presumably, the contract with the 31-year-old footballer will be signed for two years with the possibility of an extension for another season.
"Sport-Express" writes that the day before Pavel Mamayev was to undergo a medical examination at Dynamo Moscow, but the inspection did not take place because of the "uncertain situation in the club".
Krasnodar terminated the contract with Mamayev last week under the agreement of the parties.
